I'll review king's castle siege there
was no opening job and the guard to
control the dragon to move it back
pretty cool
the hands can hold me figures at least
warm of them again it's it's pretty cool
get a cell for for the capturing of the
guys you have a treasure chest
it has blue green red and yellow jewels
the thing that holds the treasure has
the Kings sword it's a pretty cool
sculpting that sounds royalty
this wrote a thing if you put too much
weight on one side it totes and makes
the guy fall off if you put too much
weight on the other side it does the
exact same thing and this is a pretty
cool
skeleton because it's black not many
suits come with a black skeleton they
have white skeletons
how many many figures are in the Sun 10
and how many pieces are in the set
tell us about the drawbridge see this
thing right here on its stone it has
bright thing or this is how it is wait
it goes like this and the drawbridge
when you pull this down when you push
this down it it goes up when it goes
when you bring it back you can fire two
things out of time like this
it has weaponry I'll show you that three
right where I write near the place where
I just showing you right there
you have to take this out and then and
then take this suite right here you put
this as high as you want it
stick that in you have an open place for
them to go away
yeah just pull that out and then they
just then nothing just gonna stay and
they have a brickster wall which is
right here see what does not seem that
it has this thing so then he doesn't
fall out
this is acceptance
doors that you can attack from the
backside it it took me about pretty much
all day to build this thing it I got it
for Christmas they have two archers the
King
yeah just tape up a crown here some
armor he had and and these catapults
they fire these those that's three on
each side I stick in these pots
not myself this coming was and and it
falls out easily now I want you to find
the pot
I don't really like these step boats
because these things fall off way too
easily that it wants it's over here how
sturdy is this it it's it's kind of
delicate but it's pretty sturdy but it
you also take these off if you want to
travel with it too
where do you think you take it off here
here and yes take off this part from the
side or the side I give this thick a
rating - from 1 to 100 and I give it a